Where is your body the most tense? Where is your body the most relaxed?
Just notice the state of tension and relaxation in your body.
Notice how your body relaxes... bit by bit.... without any effort on your part. See how your muscles become a little bit looser... less tense.... naturally, just because you are taking a moment to sit quietly and relax.
Notice how your body becomes relaxed as time passes... without any effort or input from you... without you even trying... your body becoming slightly more relaxed with each passing moment.
Keep scanning, gradually moving down your body. How does your body feel? Take note of any areas of tension.
Keep observing your physical state. Continue to scan your body, moving the focus of your attention downwards. How is this part of your body feeling right now?
Where is your body the most tense? Do you feel any discomfort? Or maybe on the other hand you feel relaxed... take note of this sensations
If you feel any sort of discomfort, focus intently on this one area of tension...and imagine the muscles here letting go of their hold, becoming loose, becoming relaxed...letting the tension go. Releasing the tension bit by bit, until this area relaxes.
If you feel discomfort on any area, focus on this... and feel the tension softening...feel the muscles as they loosen, lengthen...warming and relaxing, as if they are melting into relaxation.
Continue the body scan relaxation... enjoying each sensation your body feels...
Feel the tension leaving your body, draining away more and more as you breathe
Scan your body now for any areas of tension. Focus your attention on these areas, relaxing them more and more.
Scan your body for areas of tension as you take another deep breath in. Feel the tension in your body as you hold that breath. Now let the tension go as you let the breath go.
Let the relaxation continue to flow throughout your body, spreading now to the muscles of each body part you focus on.....
Continue to breathe smoothly and slowly as you mentally scan your body, looking for any tension.
If you notice any tension, focus on that area. Direct the relaxation to flow into that area, and then carry the tension away.
Imagine that the air you are breathing can cleanse your body and remove tension. Imagine that each breath in carries relaxation. Picture the tension in your body leaving with each breath out.
Notice any areas of tension in your body, and relax those areas now. Take a few moments just to enjoy feeling relaxed.
Notice where your body is tense. Focus your attention on one of these areas. As you breathe, picture that part of your body becoming slightly more relaxed. With each breath, that part feels a little bit better
Scan your body for any areas of tension, and for each area, let the relaxation soften the muscles as they give up their hold. Let the feeling of relaxation grow...spreading calm throughout your body.
Notice where your body is the most relaxed. How does the relaxation feel? Imagine that this relaxation is warm and tingly, moving...growing...spreading to relax other parts of your body.
Feel your body becoming more relaxed as the area of relaxation grows.
