Take in a nice, deep breath through your nose. Feel the air fill your lungs and go all the way down to the belly. Don't try to rush through it, take your time and try to focus on the journey of your breath. When you’ve breathed in as far as you can go, slowly let the air out through your mouth.
Fill your lungs with air and follow that air all the way through your system. Don’t rush through your breathing. You have all the time in the world. There is no one here to rush you. Just you and you breath.
Breathe. Feel the air cause your lungs to expand. Allow it to take a little bit of your negative emotions with it when it goes. Follow your breath as it goes in.... And out of your lungs.
Begin to deepen your breath. In through the nose and out through the mouth.
Feel your rib-cage fill with air as you inhale slowly with your nose, try to hold the air some time and then exhale with your mouth... feel the movement of your body as you continue breathing.
Begin to focus on your breathing. Take in a nice, deep breath through your nose and feel it fill up your lungs. Feel your belly fill up with the air, then let it go.
Start by filling your lungs with air. In... and out. In... and out. With your mind clear of any other thought, just focus on your breathing
Continue breathing. Deep breaths through your nose and out through your mouth. Slowly.
Breathe in through your nose... and out through your mouth, as you breathe in notice how your chest expands and when you breath out, notice your chest contract
See how your breath continues to flow...deeply... calmly... As you breathe in from your nose... and out through your mouth
Feel the air entering through your nose...picture the breath flowing through the nostrils.. and then down to your lungs...
Breathe... See the air inside your body after you inhale, filling your body gently... and notice the air flow out of your body when you exhale
Notice how your lungs fill with air when you inhale.... and notice how the space inside your lungs becomes smaller after you exhale and the air leaves your body.
Feel your chest and stomach gently rise and fall with each breath.
Breathe in, deeply. And breathe out. In.... and out..... In.... and out.....
Keep breathing deeply, slowly. It feels good to take deep, calm breaths.
Breathe deeply in...and slowly out... Breathe deeply in...and slowly out... Take slow, calm breaths.
Feel your breathing relax you. There is nothing you need to do right now, besides breathing calmly. Just drift...relax into your breathing.
Just keep breathing now, letting each breath occur naturally, without effort, at whatever pace is comfortable for you. Feel your breathing become calm... slow... easy.
Notice the breath as it enters your nose. Notice each time you breathe in, the way the breath feels on your nostrils.
Feel the breath as it passes through your nose... and down behind your throat...
Feel the breath going up..... and down... going up... and going down...
Notice where the air enters your lungs. Allow your breathing awareness to deepen the feeling of relaxation you are experiencing.
Feel the air expand your lungs with each in breath.
Feel your lungs expand... and relax.... expand.... and relax..... expand.... and relax.....
Imagine that you are breathing in relaxation. Breathe out through your mouth, forcefully blowing out the air.... imagine expelling tension.
Breathe in again.... and exhale as if you are blowing out a candle, blowing away tension.....
Breathe in deeply and hold that breath. Hold...feeling the tension...and then relax...breathe out...releasing all the tension with your breath.
Allow your next breath to occur naturally...smoothly breathing in as much air as you need, and then releasing the air naturally, exhaling fully. Breathe slowly in and out...letting your breaths occur at whatever pace is comfortable for you. Feel your breathing slow naturally...becoming very calm.
Breathe away the thoughts, just allowing them to pass...letting each thought slip away...
Take a cleansing breath in.... and breathe out the tension in your body....
Breathe in.... now hold that breath. And relax your muscles totally, allowing the breath to flow gently out of your nose or mouth.
Take a deep breath, breathing in relaxation.... And release the breath. Breathe out any remaining tension.
Inhale... and hold the air for a moment, then breathe out any tension, illness, or any problems your body may be experiencing...
Notice your breath carrying away anything that is not good for your body....
Take a cleansing breath in.... and breathe out what your body does not need....
Breathe in relaxation.... breathe out all the old air....
Inhale deeply...and exhale slowly. Breathe in...and out.
Breathe in again, breathing in energy...and exhale. Keep breathing deeply, slowly, and calmly.
Breathe... with each breath, you can take in the air your body needs, and become filled with energy. You can exhale any tension or fatigue you may be experiencing.
---
Breathe in... hold... and breathe out... Breathe in...and out... Keep breathing...letting your breath slow comfortably.
Continue to breathe slowly... and every so often, just notice your breathing, and focus on allowing your breathing to slow down.
Breathe deeply. Relax your muscles. Calm your thoughts.
Take a deep breath, and as you breathe out, feel your body sinking into the surface you are on.
Breathe slowly in...and out... In...and out...
Keep breathing slowly and calmly, letting your breathing relax you.
Take a deep breath in, and as you breathe out, lower your shoulders into a relaxed position.
Keep breathing slowly and calmly, letting your body relax a bit more with each breath out. Release tension each time you exhale...feeling your body sinking...relaxing...becoming loose...
Take a deep breath in.... now exhale. Breathe in.... and out. Continue to breathe slowly, smoothly.
Take a deep breath in..... and out..... in..... and out..... in..... out.....
Continue to breathe slowly and rhythmically as you now meditate to calm your mind.
Take a deep breath in. Hold for a moment, and now breathe out.
Breathe in... hold that tension.... and now breathe out.... feeling the tension release with your breath.
Keep breathing deeply to deal with your emotions and feel relaxed and calm.
Breathe in...and out...allowing each breath to calm and relax you.
Breathe slowly and calmly.
Focus on this single act of breathing. Such a simple act, but essential to life.
Take a deep breath in, and as you exhale, allow your body to begin to relax.
Breathe slowly and naturally.
Take a deep breath in, feeling the tension in your chest and stomach as you hold that breath...and allow your chest and stomach to relax as the breath escapes slowly.
Take a deep breath in through your nose, and release the breath through your mouth.
Take a breath, and allow your breathing to relax you as you exhale fully.
Breathe in gently... and as you breathe out, let the air carry the tension out of your body.
Continue to breathe slowly and gently as you begin to focus on relaxing your body.
Breathe in relaxation... and breathe out tension...breathe in calm...and let all the tension go as you exhale...
Breathe slowly, and gently, deepening your state of relaxation more and more with each breath. Deeper and deeper. More and more relaxed. Calm. At peace.
Take a deep, cleansing breath in... and exhale slowly.
Breathe naturally.... Slowly....
Take a deep breath in, and as you exhale, allow your body to begin to relax.
