Let's get into your preferred sitting or lying position and slowly begin to settle down nerves. Quiet down the thoughts that have pursued you throughout the day and allow the mind to come to a place of stillness. Feel yourself strong and still in the position.
As gently as you possibly can, get in a comfortable position... it could be lying on your back or sitting upright, whatever feels good to you. When you find that position, try to remain in that place of inner stillness.
Gently and slowly, start getting into a comfortable position... Feel how your body aligns to this new position and make adjustments to feel as warm and pleasant as you can.
Get in position, it could be sitting or lying, whatever feels good to you, don’t rush through it, just... slowly.. get comfortable and cozy.
Take a moment to make yourself comfortable where you are. Maybe straighten your back... try relaxing your neck and unclenching your jaw.
Begin to relax, finding a comfortable position and starting to let the tension leave your body.
To begin, find a comfortable position, sitting or lying down. You may want to place your hands in your lap or at your sides... whatever feels comfortable to you
Begin by finding a comfortable position, but one in which you will not fall asleep. Sitting on the floor with your legs crossed is a good option to try... or maybe you prefer to lie on your back... whatever feels better for you
Roll your shoulders slowly forward and then slowly back... Lean your head from side to side, lowering your left ear toward your left shoulder, and then your right ear toward your right shoulder. Relax your muscles.
To begin, find a comfortable position, most people prefer to sit straight... others like to lie on their back, your body, your choice
Take a moment to settle into a comfortable position.
Sit straight or lie down, and get comfortable, adjusting your position as needed so you can relax...
Take a moment to get comfortable. Find a position where you can relax.
To begin the meditation, find a comfortable position, such as sitting in a firm chair... or cross legged on the floor, whatever feels best for you
To begin, find a comfortable position. You can sit straight or maybe lie down, whatever you prefer...
Get comfortable in a quiet place where you can relax.
Begin by getting comfortable. You may want to sit or lie down.
Roll your shoulders forward.... and back..... now relax. Let the tension drain away from your shoulders. Now that you have moved your shoulders and arms to allow your body to begin to release the tension it has been holding, find a comfortable and relaxed position sitting or lying down.
Begin by finding a comfortable, relaxed position. Allow your body to begin to relax. Breathe in.... and out.....
Get into a comfortable position, and set aside a few minutes so you can practice relaxing. The more you practice, the more easily you will relax under pressure.
Begin by finding a relaxed position, sitting or lying down. Set aside a few minutes to relax.
Begin by finding a comfortable position and allowing your body to begin to relax.
Find a comfortable position, making sure that your back is supported. Laying down, or sitting in a firm chair with head support are ideal.
Before we start with the meditation, begin by becoming more relaxed. Choose a comfortable position, and take a few moments just to breathe.
Find a comfortable position sitting or lying down.
Choose a position that is comfortable, you might want to sit upright in a firm chair, kneel on the floor, lie on your back or sit cross-legged.
Begin by finding a comfortable position, seated or lying down.
