Before we begin, remind yourself that this time is for you and you alone. Allow no distractions, no worries and no to-do lists to interfere with your time. Focus on the present moment
Today you have made a decision to take some time for yourself and meditate, I want you to have this place where you can relax and be yourself, this is your time to relax and take a moment to stop... and feel whatever you're feeling, you don't need to do anything in particular, just be.
Before we begin, let's remember that there is no right or wrong way to meditate. Whatever you experience during this meditation exercise is right for you. Don’t try to make anything happen, just observe...
Often the mind can be busy, creating difficulty sleeping and problems concentrating. This busy mind can be created by stress... anxiety.. or any other sort of things... Even good things can be distracting.
This is a place where you can completely relax...you can take a break here...even just for a few moments...to get away from all of the stress and tension.
In this room, you have no cares...no worries...no problems...nothing to worry about or think about at all, let your mind and body relax for a few minutes, you will thank yourself later
It's time to take a break.... and relax.... to deal with your emotions in a healthy, productive way.
All you really need to do right now is take a few moments just to relax, for you, to help you feel relaxed and calm. It feels good to relax.
By choosing to do a relaxation technique right now, you are doing a healthy, productive activity. This relaxation is essential and will allow you to be even more productive or relaxed by reducing stress and becoming more efficient.
You need this time of relaxation. Relaxation is a basic skill that helps you to survive and be healthy.
You may not feel any different during this session, but nevertheless, you will experience the benefits of meditation, especially if you engage in meditation regularly over a period of time.
There is no right or wrong way to meditate. The most important thing that you can do is to have a positive attitude – allowing, not forcing. Experiencing, not controlling. Don’t worry about meditating the "right" way – just let it happen however it happens without worrying about the outcome.
