Notice now, how you are feeling.... how you are doing right now in this moment.
Take a moment to notice how your body feels. Observe, without trying to change anything. Notice any areas of tension.... and notice which parts of your body feel relaxed.
Become aware of how your body feels. Take a deep breath in, and as you exhale, let your body begin to relax.
Turn your attention inward, noticing how you are feeling right now.
Notice the thoughts you are having as you enter this meditation space
As you settle into a comfortable position, just notice how you are feeling in this moment. Without trying to change anything, observe your body and mind.
Notice how your whole body feels. Passively observe, not trying to change anything. Simply take note of how your body feels.
Just allow yourself to feel however it is you are feeling right now, noticing this feeling, but not reacting just yet. All you're doing is observing. Emotions are neither right nor wrong... they just are.
Turn your attention to how you are feeling. Notice the physical sensation of your emotions. Where in your body is that emotion stored? Some people notice that they tighten their shoulders... Some emotions may be experienced as a feeling in the stomach.... the neck.... or any number of places in the body.
Take note of how you are feeling now. Physically. Emotionally.
Notice how you are feeling. Physically, how are you feeling? Let your body relax a little more... relaxing any tense areas.
Emotionally, how are you feeling? See how emotions come and go....
Think for a moment about how you are feeling. Notice any feelings you may have... how do they feel like? Some people experience a heavy feeling in the stomach...or an aching in the chest. How do your emotions feel like to you?
Notice how you are feeling right now...physically and mentally.
Turn your attention to how your body feels like... tingly... soft... gentle... calm... loose... free... and let that feeling of relaxation grow.
Notice how you're feeling right now... do you feel alert?... maybe a little relaxed? Just notice whatever sensations you have
Notice now how your body feels. See how calm and gentle your breathing is, and how relaxed your body feels.
Notice how calm and relaxed you are. See how regular and calm your breathing is...
Enjoy the feeling of relaxation. Notice how you are feeling now, physically and mentally, and notice how it feels to be more relaxed.
Observe however you are feeling, check the feeling of relaxation.... memorize it..... notice how calm you are.... notice how your breathing is slow and regular...... pleasant.... peaceful......
How are you feeling right now? Notice how you feel emotionally and physically in this moment.
Become aware of how your body feels. Turn your attention inward...just observing the state of your body.
Accept any positive feelings you are having. Allow yourself to feel calm and at peace.
