Focus even more intently now...focus on your breathing...observe your breaths, without trying to change anything... Bring your attention deeply inward...all the way to the core of your body...
Notice how your stomach moves in and out with each breath you take. Feel the movement of the core of your body...ever so slightly moving with each breath you take...focus completely on your core...
Bring your attention deeply inward...all the way to the core of your body...notice how your stomach moves in and out with each breath you take. Notice how smooth, calm, and regular your breathing is.
Start by focusing on your breathing. Notice each breath...feel your breaths moving in and out of your body, take a moment to feel how the air moves slowly through your nose... throat... and fills your lungs, then at the exhale let the air flow through your mouth with a sigh... Let your worries go with the air...
Observe your breathing. Notice how your breath flows in and out. Make no effort to change your breathing in any way, simply notice how your body moves. Your body knows how much air it needs... Sit quietly, seeing in your mind’s eye your breath flowing gently in and out of your body.
Notice the stages of a complete breath... from the in breath... to the pause that follows... the exhale... and the pause before taking another breath... See the slight breaks between each breath.
Just relax for a moment while you notice your breathing. Just notice your breaths for a moment.
If there are any areas where you are feeling tense, direct your attention to these areas as you breathe.... imagining that each breath in brings relaxation... and each breath out expels tension. Breathing in relaxation... and breathing out tension..... each breath relaxes you further.
Take a moment now to just relax. Let all the worries and tension go as you breathe slowly in... and out.... in.... out..... continue to breathe slowly, deeply.... naturally.
Notice where the air enters your lungs. Allow your breathing awareness to deepen the feeling of relaxation you are experiencing. Feel the air expand your lungs with each in breath. Feel your lungs expand... and relax.... expand.... and relax..... expand.... and relax.....
Notice the breath as it enters your nose. Notice each time you breathe in, the way the breath feels on your nostrils. Feel the breath as it passes through your nose, and down behind your throat. Where does the air go next? Feel each time you inhale, the breath passing down... and going out as you exhale
Notice each breath as a whole now. See how the breaths flow like waves. Fist in.... and then a pause.... and out.... and then a pause.... Notice the pauses, these rests between breaths.
Take note of what your breathing is like. Feel yourself calming down...
Breathe... You do not need to do anything in particular...just relax...and let your thoughts pass, without dwelling on any of them...
For the next few moments, focus on your breathing, and concentrate on breathing energy and positive feelings in, and breathing negative feelings out and away.
Feel your breathing as each breath moves in and out of your body. Feel the gentle movements your body makes as the air moves with each breath.
Start by concentrating on your breathing. Breathe in...and out. Deeply in...and slowly out. In...out.
Focus on your breathing for a few moments...breathing slowly in...and out... In...and out... Slowly breathing...relaxing...
Allow yourself to breathe slowly and naturally, doing nothing else in this moment besides concentrating on your breaths.
Turn your attention now to your breathing. Notice each breath, without trying to change your breathing in any way.... Just observe....
Notice your breath as it flows gently in and out of your body.... Without any effort....
