Notice the surface where your body touches the world.... let's stretch your arms... legs... maybe wiggle your fingers and toes?...
Wiggle your fingers and toes. Shrug your shoulders. and stretch your arms and legs as you get your body moving
Straighten out your legs, and stretch your arms and legs gently.
Wake up your body and your mind. Move your arms and legs a little and feel your muscles reawakening.
When you are ready to return to your day, you can reawaken your body and return to the present.
Take the next few moments to stretch and allow your body to wake up. When you are fully alert you can get back to your usual activities.
Move your arms and legs, feeling your body reawaken. Stretch if you want to. Feel your body waking up.
Let your body and mind reawaken.... move your arms and legs.... stretch your muscles..... take a deep breath in..... and exhale fully..... shrug your shoulders.... becoming more and more awake and alert.....
Take a few moments to re-awaken your mind and body... Stretch if you want to, and feel your body waking up.
Wiggle your fingers, waking up your hands and arms... Move your toes, allowing your feet and legs to wake up... Feel your muscles reawakening...and your whole body filling with energy.
Stretch if you want to. Sit quietly for a few moments as you wake up completely.
Stretch if you want to...allowing your body to reawaken.
Slowly reawaken your body now. Take a deep breath in.... and out. Feel your mind and body becoming more awake and alert.
Move your arms and legs, and stretch your muscles to let them reawaken from this meditation.
Gradually return to full alertness...stretch your muscles, feeling your body waking up.
Wiggle your fingers and toes. Open your hands...then close them... Roll your shoulders forward...and back...feeling your muscles reawakening. Lean your left ear toward your left shoulder...return to center...and move your right ear toward your right shoulder...then return to neutral. Stretch a bit, feeling the energy flowing through your body.
Wiggle your fingers and toes... roll your shoulders..... stretch if you like.... And when you are ready, continue on with the rest of your day.
Wiggle or move your body to make it comfortable. 
