Thank yourself for taking this time to meditate and relax... When you are completely awake and alert you can return to your usual activities.
Slowly return to your normal position, and continue with the rest of your day, feeling re-energized. Thank you for taking the time to meditate today, remember that the more you practice, the easier it gets, have a really nice day!
It is okay to feel however you are feeling right now, good or bad. Accept the variety of feelings you may have. Thank you for taking this meditation journey and hope to see you soon
Now you can return to your day, whether that includes being focused and awake, or calmly drifting off to sleep.
When you have returned to your usual level of wakefulness, you can return to your usual activities, keeping with you a feeling of calm.
Let your body and mind return now to your usual level of alertness and wakefulness, feeling calm and filled with energy.
When you are fully awake and alert, you can return to your usual activities, feeling confident and calm.
When you are completely awake and alert, you can return to your usual activities, feeling confident and calm, in touch with your authentic self.
Remember that you can relax any time you need to, and the relaxation will help you to concentrate and keep your brain functioning at its best.
Go through this meditation exercises as many times as you need to in preparation for high pressure situations. When you relax, these situations can feel much less stressful.
Now you have completed this meditation exercise. You can relax again any time you need to, and will experience the most benefit if you practice meditating every day.
When you are fully alert you can resume your usual activities, feeling calm and refreshed.
When you are completely awake and alert you can proceed with your day.
Congratulate yourself for dealing with your emotions using meditation, have a nice day!
Take one more deep breath in, feeling fully alert and awake as you exhale. Return to your usual activities feeling calm and refreshed.
